what's going on guys welcome back to
another play review we haven't done this
in a while now and we are gonna be
looking at team the season cruise
because he was requested by a lot of you
and we have played him as a center
attacker material so is he good in that
position or Z good in a central
midfielder role I have tried them in
both positions so before I begin if you
guys are looking for a cheap reliable
place to get you coins a cup at
slate.com then it could be in the
description then use the code it horny
to get pipes enough and here we go now
to begin with this guy is shows he has
very high dribbling now there is a
problem of that his agility is only 81
and his pace is quite slow so well he is
quite slow basically so with that what
that means is he's dribbling isn't that
great he's a good dribbler I just don't
expect him to be
agüero dribbling or anything like that
just because he has 89 dribbling on the
card he has that five star weak force or
when you're attacking do you have so
many possibilities of when to shoot you
just create easily chances for him
because you don't have to cut in on
certain side you could just do it evil
sides and he will have the same shot
power as his right foot with his left
now he has really good financials
outside the penalty area which is
awesome you'll see one towards the
middle of this video where he shoots a
boy finesse is it from like 34 year old
somewhere around there core exactly
recall how far it was but it was pretty
damn for now his shooting is incredible
as well long shots
I was very unlucky there was one that
went right past the post it was like 40
yards 45 yards it was very very far away
and I thought it was in against noia I
think it was but no it wasn't it was
just white
he has good positioning I thought his
work race will be a problem in that
sense at a computer all but no it wasn't
he was making runs and every time I
wanted to see you know an over top board
he was there making the run and also he
assisted my strikers this guy's got
great pulsing if you wanna cross it as
well
I think he he assisted my strike is a
lot from corners so very very good
playmaker at the same time so if you
don't like him as a sense attacking
midfielder you could play as a central
midfield and he plays really well in
that position as well
now his negatives so let me start with
his biggest negative and as his pace
basically
I found it quite hard sometimes to
create space with him because even
though this guy's got high dribbling
it's easy to dribble past defenders but
even though when you do that and create
your own space they easily catch up
before you could unleash the shot and as
you guys know in Ultimate Team many
Center backs in this game-mode are
fast and they're really much
faster damn crews so that is a
huge problem that I found with him now
if you're playing him as a central
midfielder this shouldn't be much of a
problem because you want to be expecting
him to shoot it a lot of the time now
it's like I said his agility isn't that
great only 81 for a 6-foot earth
I think he's 6-foot yeahtool player it
means his dribbling has to come down a
bit and because his pace is slow you
won't find him as agile as you think he
is he's got freestyle skills like I said
and I found him quite weak so he won't
be able to handle a battle against any
defender they will just easily take her
off him but that's about it for this
play review guys if you're looking for a
really awesome central midfielder this
is the map for you I don't actually
recommend him as a center attacker
Matilda if you play him as a central
midfielder I would give him a line point
to buy as incident attacker Matilda 8.8
I think is the right decision so I hope
you guys enjoy this video if you did I'd
really appreciate like make sure you let
me know in the comment section below
who you want me to review next and I
hope you guys have a very nice day